hey there guys skipping here from Skippy
6 gaming and I'm coming to you with
another map review with download excuse
me link this one here guys is a Skyblock
so this one here we had the luxury of
being the download that I used for my
very first ps3 subscriber let's play and
it is super cool and so many people have
asked me for the link so this one here
guys is the map review with download
link for skyblocks let's go in it's kind
of like a little bit of an updated PvP
version of a skyblock survival so let's
look at the props this one here is made
by nmb fans Antos Vasquez spider-man
diamond warrior and bulldog they love
tacos who doesn't love tacos man I love
tacos they're one of my favorite food so
no breaking blocks in spawn point don't
mess with any lever only the host can
their secrets below be careful so in
this one here I died pretty quick when I
played but let's do a little fly by and
check it out again the download link for
this map is in the description below but
if you could see it is a pretty cool
looking skybox kind of game really cool
it was actually very fun let's see if I
can get a better kind of view of this
bad boy so I could make a thumbnail yeah
that looks pretty badass but we had a
quick little one I didn't win you know I
tried my best but everybody had the good
style going kind of that same generic
style where it starts with a little
water here so you can I guess I didn't
have to make that cobblestone generator
the way I did but we had a few different
strategies that involved kind of mining
back here of course there's always a
little bit of trick and technique to it
diamonds I love diamonds everybody loves
diamonds so let's go back up here but we
always have the chest the typical hunger
game styles chest and everybody had a
race kind of to the middle this is a
really good pvp it's a really good pvp
map to play with your friends let's go
down and check out some of this is art
look at that we got a kind of sign right
there we got an apple we got all kinds
of stuff this is a really cool it's
built on a super flat of course and
shout outs to the creators because this
is a really good little map download I
really enjoyed it when I was playing
with my friends we really loved
it really got kind of a good attention
and it wasn't really well-known I mean
at the end of it what's this mob swatter
where's the others mobs in here probably
I guess you could just create a mob
spawner there if you brought your
Skyblock world we had kind of the
shorter version with a smaller time but
you know you could ultimately do this
with a lot of your friends and have more
of a build on it for a longer period
let's check what's in there Wow epic
that's an epic chest all you gotta do is
get out there from there or there I
wonder if it's the same distance I think
this one's closer personally but yep so
there you go guys hit that download link
in the description below and then you
guys can play this with your friends
it's so much fun potentially you know
what I might even not put in the
description i'll put the link to my ps3
version of me playing with this was some
of my subscribers it's a super cool map
actually it turned out to be really fun
it was just one of the new maps i was
planning on reviewing and it was just
sitting there in my collection so i
decided to use it for my pvp purposes it
wasn't as good because I got a little
lag from all this lava down here but
what can you expect you know nothing can
be totally without without problem but
yep like I said guys super fun world
guys congrats to the creators they did a
very good job and hit that like don't
forget as well to subscribe to my
channel I really love the support and I
come up with tons of videos and I'll
catch on the next one